The Joe Rogan experience.
So what about, uh, like, can we talk about it? I [inaudible].  Yeah, sure. So,
uh, it's, uh, covered it, what they did in Mexico city and ivermectin, and
seems to be a drug that not only treats it, but it will prevent you from getting it.
I think we need studies. We need legitimate studies and, uh,
I don't know how that happens. Cause the,
the problem with this argument in this conversation is, you know, you'll,
you'll have people saying I've used this on my patients like Dr. Pierre
Corey, who has been on this podcast. And, uh,
I 100% believe him and I support him.
And I'm not saying that he's not telling the truth. The problem is,
I think in order to state something emphatically,
like this is what we need to do. This is the best treatment we need studies,
right? This is the only way you find out and well, who's going to fund these.
And the problem is it's a generic drug.
It's a drug that's been around for 40 years, has a long history of use.
And also there's a difference between using it as a prophylactic.
So using it as a preventative measure, which is one of the things that, um, Dr.
Pierre Cory talked about on this podcast, I forget where they use this,
but it was, uh, this th th there was hundreds of doctors.
And then there was a percentage of them that used, uh,
ivermectin as a prophylactic.
And there's a percentage that did not the percentage that did not half of the
doctors, roughly or half of the healthcare workers got.
COVID the percentage that did use it as a prophylactic,
100% did not get it. Now,
I don't know if they got lucky. This is why you need a large study.
And it's a long-term study. Maybe.
I don't know what was their job different than the people who got it?
I don't know. That's the problem. So when I'm talking,
I'm a comedian in a cage fighting commentator,
and I'm talking about very important issues.
I have to hedge my opinions on these things.
It's tricky, but it,
but in an environment where people aren't allowed to talk or question things,
you know, um, well, for instance, um,
my doctor, so when I, uh, I got the vaccine,
I got to double and I got the Moderna because I have an underlying
health problem I don't want,
and I've talked about before and we talked about it, you know? And, uh,
so my doctor, because my people are like, why did you, you trust the government?
I know I don't trust the government. You trust big pharma? No,
I don't trust big pharma. I trusted my doctor,
my doctor who saved my life and said that because of your thing,
you should get it because we don't know how it's going to affect you and you buy
blah, blah, blah. So I got it. And then, you know, I just, the, you know,
the symptoms you get from it, uh, they never went away.
For me. What were your symptoms? So.
I had, uh, body aches, flu, like fever. Uh, I had, uh,
a joint pain. I had, um, a stiff.
NEC, have you tried going in an ice bath for 20 minutes?
Sorry. Yeah. Yeah.
How long did it.
Still cold?
I'm just warming up now.
two hours in this pocket is w when you,
how long did it last?
So on April 17th, I got the second jab and I just never got better. I was it.
Immediate before this? After the first job, did you have side.
Effects? Yes, but they went away and then the second jab, how long did they.
Last? After the first shot? I.
Don't remember, but a couple of days. Yeah, it was like maybe a week, I think,
a week. And, um,
and then the second time they just never went away and I was like,
what is going on?
Cause I would get these waves of exhaustion a couple times a day.
And then my producer had the same step. After,
at the fifth week I had a stiff neck,
he got a stiff neck and my wife got a stiff neck and we all got the stiff neck
on the side. We would get the shot. So I got it on this side.
They got it on that side. And, um, I,
then I looked it up and it turns out stiff neck is a thing that people
experience from the jab. And I was like, oh,
I didn't know that they don't tell you that. And so that's common. I'm like,
okay. And then it spread to the whole neck. Okay.
Now my producer and my wife that went away, their stiff necks went away.
Mine didn't. So, anyway, so I go to, so I, I tweeted about it. I tweeted like,
Hey, this is just to let everybody know. This is what's happened.
This is my reaction to the vaccine. Yeah. And because, uh,
when people started to come on me, like call me anti-vax and you're that?
I'm like, no, I got the VAX. Right. I got it. I go,
when people have a reaction to an experimental vaccine that is not FDA approved,
you're supposed to not suppress the reactions.
You're supposed to ask people what the reactions are so we can make the vaccines
better.
That's a thing that when Jen,
sockies talking about misinformation online and combating misinformation,
she distributed misinformation because she said that it's approved by the FDA
and their gold standard. She said that she said that.
It is not approved. When you go to.
Pull up, pull up, pull that up. Let's make sure that she said I'm 99% positive.
She said that because I remember reading that going.
You can't say that when you're the white house, press secretary,
because that's not a true statement.
This is it's approved for emergency use authorization
because we're in the middle of a pandemic, right. That's an emergency. Yes.
But it's not an FDA approved.
So when you go get this jab,
they give you a piece of paper and on it in bold black letters, it says,
this is not an FDA approved vaccine. Right.
And they see that and I'm like, yeah, they go UK with that. Yeah.
I guess my doctor said I'm supposed to be here and sign it.
Yeah. I, I found the, uh, transcript of it. I didn't find the video.
Well, I'm pretty sure I saw the video,
but I definitely have read the transcript and I want,
I want this to be accurate because it's a big accusation.
This is what she said here. When someone asked about the business,
what is this from white house.gov. Okay. Um, so you know,
more than just the competition about vaccines,
the risk impact or [inaudible] uh, okay. Here it is. Um,
misleads the public by falsely alleging that M R N a vaccines are untested
and thus risky,
even though many of them are approved and have gone through the gold standard of
the FDA approval process, this right.
True. So she's saying many of the M RNA vaccines, right?
There's only two that are MRN vaccines, that's messenger RNA.
That is the Pfizer and the Moderna, there's the ones that we use in America. Um,
the Johnson and Johnson is a, it's an adeno virus of vaccine.
It's different as is the AstraZeneca. Right? The AstraZeneca,
I believe is very similar to the Johnson and Johnson. They're different,
but the.
Yeah,
the Johnson and Johnson uses the old technology and the Moderna and Pfizer,
they use those ones that was developed by DARPA.
Yeah. But the point is, it's like, it's not FDA approved.
No, because that takes a while.
So if she's saying that, right, this.
Is that misinformation. It is.
Seems like if it says it, when you get the jab and it says it in bold print.
And so your experience, even though you, you,
this is your personal experience and you did get vaccinated.
People are so rabid online. Oh my God.
It is the most divisive subject. I think ever since Trump,
it really is. It is a, is a nutty divisive subject.
And people just get furious about it.
And they're furious if anybody talks about any negative side effects,
even if it's accurate.
I know. So, so I, I had tweeted about it just because I was,
I wanted to see if other people had this experience and you know,
maybe it's just me. Maybe it's not. So I got contacted by lots of people,
uh, same experience. And I got contacted by a doctor.
Who's leading a bunch of other doctors, a group of doctors and studying this.
And they just submitted a paper on people about the vaccine, right? And so,
uh, he tells me over a DM, this is what we think is happening.
This is a spike protein. You're suffering from a spike protein thing and blah,
blah, blah, and go to see your doctor.
And hopefully your doctor will work with us and give me ivermectin and
fluvoxamine, and I'm taking for inflammation in my brain.
You have inflammation in your brain.
That's cause it causes inflammation. So the spike proteins cause inflammation.
And so they did some kind of blood test on me and they said, yeah,
you got the thing. Was.
It a D dimer test? So it was.
Joe, you got me. But they said, you look you're, you are,
you have the same you're right. Where a long haul COVID person is like,
whatever the markers were. I had the same thing you right there. And so my,
I go to my doctor and I start to explain to my doctor about what this other
doctor told me. And my doctor says, oh, I'm treating five people just like you.
And one of them is a neurosurgeon. And one of them is a nurse.
And they were afraid to talk about their symptoms because they were afraid to be
ostracized and stigmatized. And I'm like,
what a messed up situation we're in, in this,
when they politicize medicine, we're doctors and plus medicine,
medical professionals are afraid to talk about their symptoms. That's horrible.
It's also putting people in a position where big pharma is the good
guy now, which has never happened before. And especially the,
the exact same companies that people were openly criticizing in the past
and showing, pointing out lawsuits,
they've lost hot for hiding information about test results,
about things that have happened during studies. And these,
these same people are now ignoring any, any possible side effects.
That's nuts. So good. I mean, how do we make it better? How do we know?
Maybe some people, I mean,
that suppression of data is not the way you improve a vaccine. Well,
the suppression of people's symptoms and data that is not, you know,
and in anything,
it's not how it works when a door that's how they want it to work because of
Trump. Because if you say it's just crazy, it is crazy.
Even that hydrochloric queen, right. That member drops to chloroquine,
hydro hydroxychloroquine, that Trump was touting. And they were like, he's nuts.
Cause he's touting it. I didn't know anything about, uh,
but then all of a sudden studies came out that say, Hey, no,
that actually has been helping. So now they have,
we have contrary contradicting studies, right? I just, it was a Newsweek.
I w I wasn't making it.
I didn't pull it out of some crazy thing of some establishment,
mainstream news thing. I'm pretty sure it was Newsweek.
And I tweeted it out and I said, Hey, can we stop now? Can we stop, uh,
politicizing medical science?
Can we get back to just doing medical science again? How much.
How much damage did Trump do on that one? The one conversation.
And he had me do something like cleaning something. Would.
You do bleach.
Like so light, you could kill it with the light.
It's going to be a miracle like that. One thing when people like, what the is.
Cause he was riffing. He has clearly, they didn't prepare for this.
He probably just got done eating a double cheeseburger. And he's like,
this he's the, you know, because.
He's a salesman. He's just a big, bright, because.
He's so divisive. Like everyone is still, it's almost like,
do you not? Like if you got in a fight with someone like maybe your neighbor,
and then you got in your car and there was a road incident and you're like,
get the outta here.
You're already so ramped up because of the fight you got in with your neighbor,
this is what the whole, country's like.
That's a great.
Analogy. It's like,
it's like the whole country just got in a fight with the neighbor.
Like he's putting his trash can on your lawn. Hey, you.
Keep them on your own side. You're a piece of. And then you're in your car.
And this is like, the whole country is like at eight out the door,
out the door in their car already at eight and a scale one to 10,
they're already ready to go.
And so whether it's the vaccine or whether it's the border wall or whether it's
kids in cages or what the, whatever it is, everybody's so,
angry and ready to go.
And then you deal with the economic crisis that a giant percentage of the
country just went through over the past year and then losing loved ones to this
disease and all this chaos and all that.
And so many people who have never experienced like high levels of adversity
and all of a sudden they're confronted with it. If you've played it safe,
your whole life, you really never done anything risky, never taken any chances.
You've had a regular life with a regular job. You played safe.
And then all of a sudden,
now you're and you're confronted with a perhaps deadly disease.
It might take you out and you got all these other problems in the world.
And everybody's like, ah, and they don't have the coping skills.
They don't have the ability to handle these things.
And that's where we find ourselves as a country right now.
And it's weird because then you have that with the echo chamber aspect of social
media,
where everybody's just looking for positive reinforcement of their own ideas and
confirmation bias.
It's wild catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.